you
Justin Lum company from Spartan Stadium
getting ready for San Diego State listen
last night's south bay game of the week
featured two WCAL powerhouses in MIDI
and Bell erman the Monarchs came in
winning only one of the last nine
meetings with the bells including three
straight losses but an undefeated midi
team allowing 12 points per game look to
change all that our very own Edwin wise
has the highlights undefeated record on
the line the MIDI monarchs taken on the
rival bells from Bell erman it was
senior night for the bells and as for
MIDI welcome back numero Cinco Kyle
Evans is back we picked things up on
MIDI second possession of the game
quarterback Trent sharon burk looking
for a playmaker and he finds duck re
prime time on row opening the post great
concentration after the ball gets tit
off his hands Monroe takes it in for the
for Stevie of the game a 50-yard TD
connection that's a play maker right
there folks 7 nothing monarchs late in
the first element looking to respond
quarterback KJ carta-samuels rozsutec
I'll McCully nice grab by the sophomore
to keep the chains moving reporter same
Drive bells quarterback taken charge
barrels has weight up the field for the
first almost broke loose for a TV there
in the red zone to place later
carta-samuels takes it in dude has got
some skills that's a determined young
man carta-samuels with the TD velleman
tines it up 77 midis next possession
sharon burk back to pass finds monroe
wide open looks like they're just
playing catch out there first down
monarchs next play now check this out I
mentioned Kyle Evans is back and I mean
Kyle Evans is back watch the all-out
effort for the ball Evans cleared to
play till the day before and he's picked
up where he left off how Evans is a
certified playmate gurk midi caps off
the drive with week 8 game of the week
MVP Chandler Ramirez with a 3-yard punch
in 14 nothing monarchs late second
monarchs defense makes it happen Ramirez
with the pressure on carta-samuels and
causes this Brian bitter hi jack
the past carta-samuels was hit as he
threw the ball bitter from the 50 brings
it back 25 yards from the Monarchs
offense to get to work and they did just
that sherbert Tue Monroe 20-yard TD pass
the second connection between the two
middies making it look easy up 21-7
against the bells monarchs defensive
unit was all over the field tonight
schönsten le untouched through the
middle forces a bad throw from
carta-samuels picked it off by trevor
lewis that's midi second takeaway of the
game monarchs they had that
ground-and-pound game as well Ramirez
trucks his way through for a pickup of
about twenty first down two plays later
sherbrooke with a buffet of offensive
weapons deep Alta Jose mens oh great
cats from the senior wideout midi now in
the red zone and they cash it in with
this Evans on the sweep cuts it up field
for the score his first TD says the Palo
Alto game in thoroughly September Evans
finished with 61 guards rushing with a
TV there you see him getting some love
from the air that's got to feel good for
the kid 28-7 MIDI leads at halftime
third quarter midi was just moving the
ball well in the air Jaron Berta Zach
severs and lucky number seven is making
his quarterback look good midi will take
full control the third quarter burning
off seven minutes and 38 seconds on 14
plays in their opening drive brett foley
who's also been out since the Palo Alto
game with a shoulder injury activated
for this one and he looks solid running
this option inside the 54 midi velleman
finally got the ball back on downs with
Grant Bush putting the stoppage on
fourth-and-two but that didn't matter
because Bellamy would go three-and-out
maybe only allow three bellman plays in
the third quarter Eric's are just with
the takedown on third-and-long fourth
quarter now Bella looking for a big play
so that's just not happening drew mount
comes up with the Monarchs bird int of
the game dunk mid nation is the only
word to describe this win for MIDI there
are now nine and
Oh 347 is the final mini will wrap up
the regular season and go for the WC al
title next week against Sarah here's
angelo santoro standing by with our game
of the week playmaker and MVP game of
the week t-shirts provided by logos etc
dot com all right now archbishop mitty
you guys just defeated Bell erman you
are the coin makers a game he was a
50-yard touchdown they got gypped on
your hands you brought it down take me
to that way so we were going through
their coverage and we think we thought
we could beat them on the deep route and
Trent through a great ball and I just
came down with a ransom that's all
happened you guys secured a first place
spot in the WCA al how does that feel we
don't want to tie with anyone we want to
take it all aren't on going on beach
there next week all right the big game
against era but you are get sports
focuses plenty of the game drea both up
that shirt all right congratulations
okay now taking it over trench Ehrenberg
just in the first quarter alone 209
passing yards two touchdowns stone to to
cart Monroe what kind of performance I
mean what do you what is your reaction
to performance like that I'm pretty
sight it was a great all-around team
performance uh it started with coach
staff called great plays the lineman
played their butts off tonight they make
great blocks all night and then I got
the ball to some playmakers they did a
great job okay what does it mean for you
as an offense to be able to have back
players like brett foley and KY 11 it's
a huge boost we miss them they're great
guys they're studs I love them and I'm
glad they're back with us again okay
even for that performance tonight you
deserve yourself the MVP of the game Dre
I'll hold up the shirt form pack it over
it
crying you're the MVP of the week
follow us on instagram facebook and
twitter for your get sports public
you